---
title: "1.2 Features"
date: 2024-08-09T09:37:33+09:00
draft: false
weight: 20
---

* CPU
Cortex-A55 Quad 1.1GHz / Cortex-R8 Dual 800MHz / Cortex-M33 200MHz
Multi-core CPU configuration enables various OS controls such as coexistence with R0S2 or RTOS.
Powerful CPU cores are ideal for robots that perform complex tasks.
Three cores with different performance enable different applications to be built in each.
***
* NPU
DRP-AI3 (INT8) / DRP (STP4)
The latest "DRP-Al3" with excellent power performance (TOPS/W base) provides powerful Al image processing.
DRP is also equipped, enabling efficient offloading of OpenCV and other inference image processing.
***
* Memory
LPDDR4 1600MHz (2GByte, 4GByte, 8GByte)
Low power consumption and high speed LPDDR4 eliminates processing speed bottlenecks.
Large memory capacity provides room for data storage in Al image processing and edge loT.
***
* Ethernet
10 / 100 / 1000 Base-T RJ45
1000BASE-T PoE+ network controller is equipped to connect to the peripherals.
***
* USB
Type-A socket x2 (USB 2.0 x2/USB 3.0 x2)
2 lines of USB3.0 HS/SS host interfaces are equipped to connect to the peripherals.
***
* CAN
2 lines of CAN-FD interfaces are equipped to connect to motors and actuators.
***
* MIPI
MIPI-CSI 4Lane x4 (22pin/0.5mm) / MIPI-DSI 4Lane (22pin/0.5mm)
4 lines of MIPI-CSI2 (4Lane) are equipped to connect 4 cameras maximum.
Optional HAT board enables you to connect the cameras which has GMSL2 interface.
1 port of MIPI-DSI (4Lane) is also avairable.
***
* PCIe
PCIe 3.0 x1 endpoint (16pin/0.5mm)
Equipped with PCIe x1 as an endpoint, so can be used as expansion board.
***
* SD card
Equipped with an SD card slot for data storage as well as Linux booting.
***
* RTC
Equipped with a real-time clock to keep time even without a network (no battery backup function; power must be supplied).
***
* GPIO
40-pin 2.54mm pin header
26 x GPIO 3.3V 16mA/ UART/ I2C/ SPI/ I2S/ PWM/ 5V output (power supply dependent) / 3.3V output 50mA (sum of GPIO signals)
Equipped with GPIO pin headers for expandability with HAT
***
* Other
Power supply: 12V/2.4A (DC jack Φ5.5/2.1)
***

## Download
[Datasheet](https://www.kakip.ai/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/20240521_Kakip_DataSheet_ENA4_R02.pdf)